NIAD-860: Documentation tweaks (#45)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results: OPERATING.md

The adaptor follows usual conventions for containerised solutions and logs to the console. The chosen container 
orchestration solution must be configured to store and aggregate the adaptor's logs.

## Default log format

> Log format is set [here](https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results/blob/main/src/main/resources/logback.xml#L4) and can be overriden by setting `LAB_RESULTS_LOGGING_FORMAT` environement variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log format is set [here](https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results/blob/main/src/main/resources/logback.xml#L4) and can be overridden by setting the `LAB_RESULTS_LOGGING_FORMAT` environment variable.
```

Default log format uses pipe character `|` as field separator:

```
timestamp | log level | thread id | logger name | correlation id | message
```
| field          | description                                       |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| timestamp      | timestamp of the event                            |
| log level      | one of `DEBUG`, `INFO` (default), `WARN`, `ERROR` |
| thread id      | Java thread identifier                            |
| logger name    | name of the logger that created log entry         |
| correlation id | (described below)                                 |
| message        | message of the log entry                          |

`DEBUG` level must be used with caution as it may result in medical data leak

## Correlation Id

> The adaptor uses a correlation id to make tracing processing of individual messages easier. Adaptor generates a random correlation id for every message (interchange) downloaded from MESH. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The adaptor uses a correlation id to make it easier to trace the processing of individual messages. It generates a random correlation id for every message (interchange) downloaded from MESH. 
```

An interchange may contain multiple messages, and the adaptor uses the same correlation id for all messages 
within an interchange.

Some log lines are uncorrelated to a specific message. These logs have an empty `<Correlation Id>` value.

> Messages published to the adaptor's three AMQP message queues include a CorrelationId header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Messages published to the adaptor's three AMQP message queues include a `CorrelationId` header.
```

# NHSACK

When new Interchanges are received from MESH, they already contain Interchange Sequence Numbers (EDIFACT Interchange Header) and Message Sequence Numbers (EDIFACT Message Header) that were generated by the sender.

> Lab Results Adaptor has no responsibility nor control over those numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lab Results Adaptor has neither responsibility nor control over those numbers.
```

> However, the Adaptor has the ability to produce NHSACK messages that acts as a summary of Interchange processing status if the Interchange Header requests one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the Adaptor has the ability to produce NHSACK messages that act as summaries of the Interchange processing status when the Interchange Header requests one.
```

> In such case an NHSACK message will be created and sent back to the sender of the initial Interchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such cases an NHSACK message will be created and sent back to the sender of the initial Interchange.
```

> Those NHSACK messages are EDIFACT messages and producing them requires sequence numbers to be generated for both whole NHSACK Interchange and NHSACK Messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those NHSACK messages are EDIFACT messages and producing them requires sequence numbers to be generated for both the whole NHSACK Interchange and the individual NHSACK Messages.
```

All the sequences begin at 1 and are individual for any sender+recipient pairs of the initial Interchange. The adaptor will start them automatically.

> NHSACK messages are sent back to the Interchange originator using MESH configured mailbox to a designated recipient mailbox. NHS ID Code to recipient mailbox mappings are defined using `LAB_RESULTS_MESH_RECIPIENT_MAILBOX_ID_MAPPINGS` environment variable (check [README](https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results/blob/main/README.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NHSACK messages are sent back to the Interchange originator using MESH configured mailbox to a designated recipient mailbox. NHS ID Code to recipient mailbox mappings are defined using the `LAB_RESULTS_MESH_RECIPIENT_MAILBOX_ID_MAPPINGS` environment variable (check [README](README.md))
```

orchestration solution must be configured to store and aggregate the adaptor's logs.

## Default log format

Log format is set [here](https://github.com/nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results/blob/main/src/main/resources/logback.xml#L4) and can be overridden by setting the `LAB_RESULTS_LOGGING_FORMAT` environment variable.

Default log format uses pipe character `|` as field separator:

```
timestamp | log level | thread id | logger name | correlation id | message
```
| field          | description                                       |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| timestamp      | timestamp of the event                            |
| log level      | one of `DEBUG`, `INFO` (default), `WARN`, `ERROR` |
| thread id      | Java thread identifier                            |
| logger name    | name of the logger that created log entry         |
| correlation id | (described below)                                 |
| message        | message of the log entry                          |

`DEBUG` level must be used with caution as it may result in medical data leak

## Correlation Id

> The adaptor uses a correlation id to make it easier to trace the processing of individual messages easier. It generates a random correlation id for every message (interchange) downloaded from MESH. 

Reviewer: "easier" twice
```suggestion
The adaptor uses a correlation id to make it easier to trace the processing of individual messages. It generates a random correlation id for every message (interchange) downloaded from MESH. 
```
